{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\fs52\b SeekerPay SDK\b0\par
\fs28 Crowdfunding Pitch\par
\par
\fs24 SeekerPay SDK is an open-source Flutter SDK for building SKR payment experiences on Solana Seeker. It is designed for developers who want production-ready building blocks for QR payments, NFC tap-to-pay, Bluetooth proximity payments, split bills, domain resolution, and Seeker-native payment flows.\par
\par
This is not a concept. The SDK is already built from a working SeekerPay product and extracted into reusable packages. Crowdfunding will help complete the next stage: stronger documentation, more sample apps, feature expansion, and ongoing maintenance.\par
\par
The SeekerPay app is already available on the Solana dApp Store under DeFi \& Trading, and this SDK is the open-source developer layer extracted from that real app experience.\par
\par
\fs32\b Why Back SeekerPay SDK\b0\fs24\par
\par
Most developers do not want to rebuild wallet signing, Solana payment flows, domain resolution, QR handling, or split-bill logic from scratch. SeekerPay SDK reduces that work and gives Flutter developers a faster path to shipping SKR-native apps on Seeker.\par
\par
By backing this project, supporters help create shared infrastructure for the Seeker ecosystem instead of a single closed product.\par
\par
\fs32\b What Is Already Built\b0\fs24\par
\par
The SDK already includes working package foundations for:\par
\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_core}{\f0  for RPC access, wallet connection, SKR payments, balances, activity, and pending transactions}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_qr}{\f0  for Solana Pay URL encoding and QR payment flows}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_nfc}{\f0  for NFC payment handoff integration}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_bluetooth}{\f0  for nearby device-to-device payment handoff}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_split}{\f0  for split bills and payment tracking}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_domains}{\f0  for .skr and .sol resolution plus identity checks}\par
\tab \'95 {\f1 seekerpay_ui}{\f0  for reusable SeekerPay UI components}\par
\par
\fs32\b Already Created Features\b0\fs24\par
\par
\tab \'95 SKR payment flow for Flutter apps\par
\tab \'95 Wallet signing integration for Seeker-native payment flows\par
\tab \'95 QR payment request generation and decoding\par
\tab \'95 NFC payment handoff support\par
\tab \'95 Bluetooth nearby payment handoff support\par
\tab \'95 Split bill creation and payment verification\par
\tab \'95 .skr and .sol domain resolution\par
\tab \'95 Seeker identity verification support\par
\tab \'95 Reusable payment UI components\par
\tab \'95 Example apps for key SDK flows\par
\par
\fs32\b What Crowdfunding Will Fund Next\b0\fs24\par
\par
The next phase is about turning the SDK from a strong working base into a polished developer platform.\par
\par
\fs32\b New Features Planned\b0\fs24\par
\par
\tab \'95 better SDK documentation and integration guides\par
\tab \'95 more complete sample apps for merchant, checkout, split-bill, and directory use cases\par
\tab \'95 cleaner high-level APIs for common payment actions\par
\tab \'95 stronger offline and pending-transaction workflows\par
\tab \'95 richer QR and payment request utilities\par
\tab \'95 improved NFC and nearby payment abstractions\par
\tab \'95 expanded domain directory and identity tooling\par
\tab \'95 stronger chat and payment-request interoperability where relevant\par
\tab \'95 better test coverage and release quality across packages\par
\tab \'95 pub.dev and GitHub release polish for broader adoption\par
\par
\fs32\b Maintenance Commitment\b0\fs24\par
\par
Part of the crowdfunding support will go toward long-term SDK maintenance, including:\par
\par
\tab \'95 Flutter and Dart compatibility updates\par
\tab \'95 dependency upgrades\par
\tab \'95 bug fixes across packages\par
\tab \'95 issue triage and developer support\par
\tab \'95 example app upkeep\par
\tab \'95 documentation updates\par
\tab \'95 API stability improvements\par
\tab \'95 adjustments for Solana, wallet, or mobile platform changes\par
\par
\fs32\b Who This Is For\b0\fs24\par
\par
SeekerPay SDK is for:\par
\par
\tab \'95 Flutter developers building on Solana Seeker\par
\tab \'95 teams that want SKR payments without rebuilding the full stack\par
\tab \'95 merchant and checkout app builders\par
\tab \'95 wallet-adjacent apps that need payment requests and transfer flows\par
\tab \'95 developers who want open-source Seeker-native payment infrastructure\par
\par
\fs32\b Funding Outcome\b0\fs24\par
\par
If this campaign succeeds, the result will be a more complete, better documented, better maintained open-source SDK that helps more developers launch SKR-native apps faster.\par
\par
The goal is simple: make SeekerPay SDK the default Flutter toolkit for SKR payments on Solana Seeker.\par
\par
\fs32\b Founder\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b Vasu Thammaiah\b0\par
Founder and Developer\par
bitcoinvisionai@gmail.com\par
\par
\fs32\b Closing Pitch\b0\fs24\par
\par
SeekerPay SDK already exists as a real working foundation. Crowdfunding will help turn it into a stronger ecosystem tool with better features, better docs, and reliable maintenance for the developers building the next generation of Seeker apps.\par
}
